oh yeah so it's a that's why you should
really show you're gonna look you've
gotta slice bread for instance if you
put in anything you make one of my bread
slice them you always feel if people
with my heavy weight blows in the back
it will soften up that's a fact so
actually it's not a bad thing it's just
bounce them the volume the fact that
goes into some of the boats if you see a
high quality just means they're trying
to keep it longer but you can still buy
slice bread that's just as good as some
of the other stuff but just be careful
of what your recent teachings in my
place
because some trainees came in one way
comment God gives the job on the job
I said Barroso I gave a shot man teach
them at the moment it's about ripping
the dough and it's about tearing a
building up that gluten strung I'm
making a very wet dough in fact them the
wetter the better looking for that
gluten strands it's got to be nice and
- wake up